Darling, moments of me I managed to capture,
yeah, this is the stuff, but this is my nature.

My girlfriend is making something great, yeah,
she doesn't think about sex, yeah,
my fool works till he gets blue, yeah,
my sib got out of that dumb crew, yeah,
my family knows what is the hustling, yeah,
my nigga believes that brain is a castle, yeah,
get around all that kinda "needed" hassles
like they are IDE yellow warning lines.
I don't wanna keep the bird in the cage, man,
I saw all that stuff being early aged, man,
Dime Piece is the thing I was always hunting on,
yeah, lol,
sorry ex, people ain't things and I know.
Sometimes I feel "no way", so my only goal is go on,
'cause you lost the past and you never know,
I did my best to save it
and this is why my plans still flow.
I set the jack in and put the headphones on,
nigga, you are gangestering, but you're at home,
nigga, I hear instrumental, but can't get any word,
"sounds nice" is all that I can say about your song,
so I'll place your CD to the mom's sideboard,
since I don't understand neither her piece of wood nor text of yours.
This is coming from UA, bro,
my girlfriend is making something great, yeah,
she doesn't think about sex, yeah,
my damn family still is hustling, yeah,
God knows we were taught to avoid hassles, man...

I turned off the russian rap,
switched to the Kalush 'n' HAS, 'cause I'm feeling them on my back,
"ha ha ha, who are you?" they'll say, but no cap,
I see them low, despite I tried lift them up at least in my head

didn't work out... what a pity, maybe I have Napoleon complex, a little, hahaha.

This is coming from UA, bro,
my accounts' password at sixteen was "friends zero",
I had & have plenty of homies though,
guess these relationships are so strong only on the words,
but I still can remember the cold which hurts in the bones,
maybe no more? this game could lead me that I'll stay alone,
I haven't felt my veins at the morning last time we blow,
though previously I always felt them as pipes and it made me glo.
He writes me stop doing the complicated things, he's my boss,
guess he is taking care of himself,
I take care of myself, but we ain't take care of ourselves,
gotcha? Once more:
guess he is taking care of himself,
I take care of myself, but we ain't take care of ourselves.
Too much "but", but you've never been here,
living here is permanent strugling
have a lunch and close your eyes, dear,
or stay strong like a tree, you have to bear,
children walk around and take the leaf,
you had a blooming, but had to let it go,
produce the oxygen, so they can breathe,
do not flaunt, relatives know the place you grow,
and you ain't need even more,
trees die standing tall,
you ain't need even more,
trees die standing tall,
you ain't need even more,
maybe, baby, just one more fall.

Los árboles mueren de pie

23 Feb 2022, 19:19, Sl. Shukh

PS https://soundcloud.app.goo.gl/XVUwq

sorry ex* actually she wasn't ex, just a girl I had a chat with and she liked to repeat such words to me
